## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023

Commission File Number: 001-35551

Meta Platforms, Inc. Meta

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 20-1665019

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 1 Meta Way, Menlo Park, California 94025 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

(Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

(650) 543-4800

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

|Title of each class|Trading symbol(s)|Name of each exchange on which registered|
|---|---|---|
|Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par value|META|The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC|

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated
herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
---
## Meta Platforms, Inc.

## Form 10-K

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

|Note About Forward-Looking Statements|3|
|---|---|
|Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data|4|

## PART I

|Item 1. Business|7|
|---|---|
|Item 1A. Risk Factors|15|
|Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments|51|
|Item 1C. Cybersecurity|51|
|Item 2. Properties|52|
|Item 3. Legal Proceedings|52|
|Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures|56|

## PART II

|Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities|57|
|---|---|
|Item 6. [Reserved]|58|
|Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations|59|
|Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk|82|
|Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data|84|
|Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure|126|
|Item 9A. Controls and Procedures|126|
|Item 9B. Other Information|126|
|Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections|126|

## PART III

|Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance|127|
|---|---|
|Item 11. Executive Compensation|127|
|Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters|127|
|Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence|127|
|Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services|127|

## PART IV

|Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules|128|
|---|---|
|Item 16. Form 10-K Summary|130|
|Signatures|131|

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other

### LIMITATIONS OF KEY METRICS AND OTHER DATA

The numbers for our key metrics are calculated using internal company data based on the activity of user accounts. We report our estimates of the numbers of our daily active people (DAP), monthly active people (MAP), and average revenue per person (ARPP) (collectively, our "Family metrics") based on the activity of users who visited at least one of Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp (collectively, our "Family" of products) during the applicable period of measurement. We have historically reported the numbers of our daily active users (DAUs), monthly active users (MAUs), and average revenue per user (ARPU) (collectively, our "Facebook metrics") based on user activity only on Facebook and Messenger and not on our other products. We believe our Family metrics better reflect the size of our community and the fact that many people are using more than one of our products. Beginning with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be filed for the first quarter of 2024, we will no longer report DAUs, MAUs, ARPU, and MAP in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, but will continue reporting DAP and ARPP (calculated based on DAP).

While these

Our techniques and models rely on a variety of data signals from different products, and we rely on more limited data signals for some products compared to others. For example, as a result of limited visibility into encrypted products, we have fewer data signals from WhatsApp user accounts and primarily rely on phone numbers and device information to match WhatsApp user accounts with accounts on our other products. Any loss of access to data signals we use in our process for calculating Family metrics, whether as a result of our own product decisions, actions by third-party browser or mobile platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may impact the stability or accuracy of our reported Family metrics, as well as our ability to report these metrics at all. Our estimates of Family metrics also may change as our methodologies evolve, including through the application of new data signals or technologies, product changes, or other improvements in our user surveys, algorithms, or machine learning that may improve our ability to match accounts within and across our products or otherwise evaluate the broad population of our users. In addition, such evolution may allow us to identify previously undetected violating accounts (as defined below).

We regularly evaluate our Family metrics to estimate the percentage of our MAP consisting solely of "violating" accounts. We define "violating" accounts as accounts which we believe are intended to be used for purposes that violate our terms of service, including bots and spam. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we estimated that approximately 3% of our worldwide MAP consisted solely of violating accounts. Such estimation is based on an internal review of a limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, we look for account information and behaviors associated with Facebook and Instagram accounts that appear to be inauthentic to the reviewers, but we have limited visibility into WhatsApp user activity due to encryption. In addition, if we believe an individual person has one or more violating accounts, we do not include such person in our violating accounts estimation as long as we believe they have one account that does not constitute a violating account. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of violating accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAP and MAP estimates in a particular period. Violating accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of violating accounts may vary significantly from our estimates.

The numbers of Family DAP and MAP discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as ARPP, do not include users on our other products, unless they would otherwise qualify as DAP or MAP, respectively, based on their other activities on our Family products.

### Facebook Metrics

We regularly evaluate our Facebook metrics to estimate the number of "duplicate" and "false" accounts among our MAUs. A duplicate account is one that a user maintains in addition to his or her principal account. We divide "false" accounts into two categories: (1) user-misclassified accounts, where users have created personal profiles for a business, organization, or non-human entity such as a pet (such entities are permitted on Facebook using a Page rather than a personal profile under our terms of service); and (2) violating accounts, which represent user profiles that we believe are intended to be used for purposes that violate our terms of service, such as bots and spam. The estimates of duplicate and false accounts are based on an internal review of a limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, to identify duplicate accounts we use data signals such as identical IP addresses and similar user names, and to identify false accounts we look for names that appear to be fake or other behavior that appears inauthentic to the reviewers. Any loss of access to data signals we use in this process, whether as a result of our own product decisions, actions by third-party browser or mobile platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may impact the stability or accuracy of our estimates of duplicate and false accounts. Our estimates also may change as our methodologies evolve, including through the application of new data signals or technologies or product changes that may allow us to identify previously undetected duplicate or false accounts and may improve our ability to evaluate a broader population of our users. Duplicate and false accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of duplicate and false accounts may vary significantly from our estimates.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, we estimated that duplicate accounts may have represented approximately 10% of our worldwide MAUs. We believe the percentage of duplicate accounts is meaningfully higher in developing markets such as the Philippines and Vietnam, as compared to more developed markets. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we estimated that false accounts may have represented approximately 4% of our worldwide MAUs. Our estimation of false accounts can vary as a result of episodic spikes in the creation of such accounts, which we have seen originate more frequently in specific countries such as Indonesia, Vietnam, and Nigeria. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of duplicate or false accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAU and MAU estimates in a particular period.

The numbers of DAUs and MAUs discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as ARPU, do not include users on Instagram, WhatsApp, or our other products, unless they would otherwise qualify as DAUs or MAUs, respectively, based on their other activities on Facebook.

## User Geography

Our data regarding the

## PART I

### Item 1. Business

#### Overview

Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.

All of our products, including our apps, share the vision of helping to bring the metaverse to life. We build technology that helps people connect and share, find communities, and grow businesses. Our products enable people to connect and share with friends and family through mobile devices, personal computers, virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (MR) headsets, and wearables. We also help people discover and learn about what is going on in the world around them, enable people to share their experiences, ideas, photos and videos, and other activities with audiences ranging from their closest family members and friends to the public at large, and stay connected everywhere by accessing our products. Meta is moving our offerings beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the metaverse, which we believe is the next evolution in social technology. Our vision for the metaverse does not center on any single product, but rather an entire ecosystem of experiences, devices, and new technologies. While the metaverse is in the very early stages of its development, we believe it will become the next computing platform and the future of social interaction. Across our work, we are innovating in artificial intelligence (AI) technologies to build new experiences that help make our platform more social, useful, and immersive.

We report financial results for two segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). Currently, we generate substantially all of our revenue from selling advertising placements on our family of apps to marketers, which is reflected in FoA. Ads on our platform enable marketers to reach people across a range of marketing objectives, such as generating leads or driving awareness. Marketers purchase ads that can appear in multiple places including on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party applications and websites. RL generates revenue from sales of consumer hardware products, software, and content.

We invest in our business based on our company priorities. In 2024, we intend to focus on six key investment areas: AI, the metaverse, our discovery engine, monetization of our products and services, regulatory readiness, and enhancing developer efficiency to build, iterate, and optimize products quickly. Our AI investments support initiatives across our products and services, helping power the systems that rank content in our apps, our discovery engine that recommends relevant content, the tools advertisers use to reach customers, the development of new generative AI experiences, and the tools that make our product development more efficient and productive.

The majority of our investments are directed toward developing our family of apps. In 2023, 80% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 20% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments were $70.13 billion in 2023 and include expenses relating to headcount, data centers and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. We are also making significant investments in our metaverse efforts, including developing virtual and augmented reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies. Our total RL investments were $18.02 billion in 2023 and include expenses relating to headcount and technology development across these efforts. These are fundamentally new technologies that we expect will evolve as the metaverse ecosystem develops, and many products for the metaverse may only be fully realized in the next decade. Although it is inherently difficult to predict when and how the metaverse ecosystem will develop, we expect our RL segment to continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future, and our ability to support our metaverse efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative. We are investing now because we believe this is the next chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital goods.

#### Family of Apps Products

Facebook
Facebook helps give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. It's a place for people to share life's moments and discuss what's happening, nurture and build relationships, discover and connect to interests, and create economic opportunity. They can do this through Feed, Reels, Stories, Groups, Marketplace, and more.

- Instagram. Instagram brings people closer to the people and things they love. Instagram Feed, Stories, Reels, Live, and messaging are places where people and creators can connect and express themselves through photos, video, and private messaging, and discover and shop from their favorite businesses.
- Messenger. Messenger is a simple yet powerful messaging application for people to connect with friends, family, communities, and businesses across platforms and devices through text, audio, and video calls.
- Threads. Threads is an application for text-based updates and public conversations, where communities come together to discuss topics of interest. People can connect directly with their favorite creators and others who love the same things or build a loyal following of their own to share their ideas, opinions, and creativity with the world.
- WhatsApp. WhatsApp is a simple, reliable, and secure messaging application that is used by people and businesses around the world to communicate and transact in a private way. Within WhatsApp we launched WhatsApp Channels, a one-to-many broadcast service designed to help people follow information from people and organizations that are important to them.

## Reality Labs Products

Many of our metaverse investments are directed toward long-term, cutting-edge research and development for products that are not on the market today and may only be fully realized in the next decade. This includes exploring new technologies such as neural interfaces using electromyography, which lets people control their devices using neuromuscular signals, as well as innovations in AI and hardware to help build next-generation interfaces. In the near term, we are continuing to develop early metaverse experiences through Reality Labs products that help people feel connected, anytime, anywhere.

Our current product offerings in VR include our Meta Quest devices, as well as software and content available through the Meta Quest Store, which enable a range of social experiences that allow people to defy physical distance while engaging in gaming, fitness, entertainment, and more. For example, Meta Horizon Worlds is a social platform where people can interact with friends, meet new people, play games, and attend virtual events.

To drive greater adoption and acceptance of VR we have also introduced MR capabilities, which allow users to experience the immersion and presence of VR while still being grounded in the physical world, through our Meta Quest Pro and Meta Quest 3 devices.

We have continued to advance our augmented reality (AR) roadmap to include offerings such as the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses, which feature Meta AI, our advanced conversational assistant, as well as offer the ability to livestream video and let people stay more present through hands-free interaction. We also offer Meta Spark, a platform that allows creators and businesses to build AR experiences that bring the digital and physical worlds together in our apps.

In general, while all of these investments are part of our long-term initiative to help build the metaverse, our VR and social platform efforts also include notable shorter-term projects developing specific products and services to go to market, whereas our AR efforts are primarily directed toward longer-term research and development projects. For example, in 2024, we expect to spend approximately 50% of our Reality Labs operating expenses on our AR initiatives, approximately 40% on our VR (including MR) initiatives, and approximately 10% on social platforms and other initiatives. We apply significant judgment in estimating this expense breakdown as there are certain shared costs across product lines, and our expectations are subject to change, including as the metaverse ecosystem and our business strategies evolve. In particular, we regularly evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and our product ideas and designs evolve.

## Competition

Our business is characterized by innovation, rapid change, and disruptive technologies. We compete with companies providing connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as well as companies that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or

### Technology

Our product development philosophy centers on continuous innovation in creating and improving products that are social by design, which means that our products are designed to place people and their social interactions at the core of the product experience. As our user base grows, as engagement with products like video, VR, and MR increases, and as we deepen our investment in new technologies, our computing needs continue to expand. We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure, and a substantial portion of our technical infrastructure is also provided by third parties. Our ability to provide and continue to innovate our products and services depends on the continued availability of components, power, and network capacity.

We make significant investments in technology both to improve our existing products and services and to develop new ones, as well as for our marketers and developers. We are also investing in protecting the security, privacy, and integrity of our platform by investing in both people and technology to strengthen our systems against abuse. Across all of these efforts, we are making significant investments in AI initiatives, including generative AI, to, among other things, recommend relevant content across our products through our AI-powered discovery engine, enhance our advertising tools and improve our ad delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities, and to develop new products as well as new features for existing products.

### Sales and Operations

The majority of our marketers use our self-service ad platform to launch and manage their advertising campaigns. We also have a global sales force that is focused on attracting and retaining advertisers and providing support to them throughout the stages of the marketing cycle from pre-purchase decision-making to real-time optimizations to post-campaign analytics. We work directly with these advertisers, as well as through advertising agencies and resellers. We operate offices in approximately 90 cities around the globe, the majority of which have a sales presence. We also invest in and rely on self-service tools to provide direct customer support to our users and partners.

For our RL products, our sales and operations efforts utilize third-party sales channels such as retailers, resellers, and our direct-to-consumer channel, Meta.com. These efforts are focused on driving consumer and enterprise sales and adoption of our Meta Quest portfolio of products and Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses.

### Marketing

Historically, our communities have generally grown organically with people inviting their friends to connect with them, supported by internal efforts to stimulate awareness and interest. In addition, we have invested and will continue to invest in marketing our products and services to grow our brand and help build community around the world.

### Intellectual Property

To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights. In addition, to further protect our proprietary rights, from time to time we have purchased patents and patent applications from third parties. We do not believe that our proprietary technology is dependent on any single patent or copyright or groups of related patents or copyrights. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products.